Update overview of existing APIs (#22540)
opf/openproject: docs/api/README.md

While by no means complete, a whole lot of different scenarios can be automatized which otherwise would have to be carried out by hand via the UI.
Examples for this include managing work packages, projects and users.

> We try to keep stable releases of OpenProject with changes to this API backwards compatible whenever possible.

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing to me. Do we keep the releases compatible or the API? Depending on what you want to say, could we go with one of these version? 

We strive to maintain backward compatibility with this API in our stable OpenProject releases whenever possible.

We strive to maintain compatibility with older stable OpenProject releases whenever possible.

Author: Funnily enough this is a sentence that I just moved...

I'd go with the former proposal:

```suggestion
We strive to maintain backward compatibility with this API in our stable OpenProject releases whenever possible.
```

➔ [Go to OpenProject API](./introduction/)

### OpenAPI specification

Download the API specification in OpenAPI format as [json](https://www.openproject.org/docs/api/v3/spec.json) or [yml](https://www.openproject.org/docs/api/v3/spec.yml).

## SCIM

OpenProject allows to manage users and groups using System for Cross-domain Identity Management. This is a standardized API (see [RFC 7643](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7643) and [RFC 7644](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644)) that might thus be supported by existing identity providers.

> ➔ [Configuration instructions](../system-admin-guide/authentication/scim/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
➔ [Read more on configuration instructions](../system-admin-guide/authentication/scim/)
```

Reviewer: I'm only suggesting this change for better SEO, phrases like "read more", "find out more" tend to get favored by search engines

## MCP

A growing number of tools and resources is offered through the Model Context Protocol API of OpenProject. This API is primarily targeted at AI agents and similar tools, as it supports auto-discovery of supported operations.

> ➔ [Configuration instructions](../system-admin-guide/integrations/mcp-server/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
➔ [Read more on configuration instructions](../system-admin-guide/integrations/mcp-server/)
```
